# AccountUpdaterSummary

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**RequestId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID assigned to the account updater request. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID assigned to a Merchant. | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Status of the request. The status can be one of the following               &lt;ul&gt;              &lt;li&gt;INPROGRESS - Account updater request is processed. If needed, the request can be canceled. &lt;/li&gt;              &lt;li&gt;QUEUED - Account updater request is queued in the Account updater service.The request can no longer be canceled. &lt;/li&gt;              &lt;li&gt;COMPLETED - Account updater request has completed.&lt;/li&gt;              &lt;li&gt;CANCELED - Account updater request has been canceled.&lt;/li&gt;              &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**Method** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The source of the account updater harvest. The method can be one of the following               &lt;ul&gt;              &lt;li&gt;harvest_cust_vault - Harvest all card ids belonging to customers in the Customer Vault.  &lt;/li&gt;              &lt;li&gt;harvest_card_vault - Harvest all card ids in the Card Vault&lt;/li&gt;              &lt;li&gt;harvest_card_id    - Harvest specific card ids. Requested through Account updater API.&lt;/li&gt;              &lt;li&gt;harvest_api        - Harvest full card numbers. Requested sent through Account updater API&lt;/li&gt;              &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**CntRequest** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Number of cards in this request. | [optional] [default to null]
**CntResponse** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Number of cards in this request that were reviewed by the account updater service. (This should match the cnt_request.). The cnt_response field will be zero if the status field is not COMPLETED. | [optional] [default to null]
**CntUpdate** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Number of cards in this request that were updated by the account updater service. The cnt_update field will be zero if the status field is not COMPLETED or if there are no updates by the account updater service. | [optional] [default to null]
**RequestDate** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN, in  YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Account updater request date. Date when a harvest request was sent to the account updater service. | [optional] [default to null]
**RejectedCards** | [**[]RejectedCards**](RejectedCards.md) | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;An array of card ids not included in the request when the account updater request is created. A card id may not be included in the request if the card is not found in the system or if it is not a U.S. issued card or if the card is held for harvesting. Only credit cards can be harvested, card ids belonging to ACH payment will also be rejected.   | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

