# AddCustomerRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CustomerId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID established by merchant to identify a customer. The customer ID can be used to add subscriptions using the Recurring Billing API or make payments using the Payment Gateway API. Once established, this ID cannot be updated. This field is case sensitive. Only letters and numbers are allowed in a Customer ID.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Either customer_id or auto_generate_customer_id is required to add a new customer | [optional] [default to null]
**AutoGenerateCustomerId** | **bool** | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Boolean flag that indicates if customer id should be auto generated.  When set to true, we will generate a unique customer id. The generated customer_id will be returned in the response. Save the customer_id in the response to manage the customer through Vault API. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;false&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Either customer_id or auto_generate_customer_id is required to add a new customer | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerFirstName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Customer&#x27;s first name.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Either customer name or customer firm name is required. | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerLastName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Customer&#x27;s last name.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Either customer name or customer firm name is required. | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerFirmName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 64 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Customer business name if applicable. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Either customer name or customer firm name is required. | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerPhone** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Customer&#x27;s phone number. | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerEmail** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 64 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Customer&#x27;s email address.  | [optional] [default to null]
**ReferenceId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 128 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Merchant provided reference value that will be stored with the customer vault data. | [optional] [default to null]
**Comments** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 128 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Comment | [optional] [default to null]
**DeveloperId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Use to indicate which company developed the integration, or the name of the solution or system that is connected to us. Suggested usage is softwareABCv1.0 or companyXYZv2.0. | [optional] [default to null]
**ShippingAddresses** | [**[]AddShippingAddressRequest**](AddShippingAddressRequest.md) | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;An array of shipping addresses. One of the addresses should be designated as the default shipping address, if not, the system will choose one of the address to be the default.  | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingCards** | [**[]AddBillingCardRequest**](AddBillingCardRequest.md) | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;An array of billing cards. One of the cards should be designated as the default billing card, if not, the system will choose one of the cards to be the default.  | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Identifies the merchant to whom this request applies. Optional field, applicable only if the request is sent on behalf of another merchant.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Required if this request is on behalf of another merchant. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

