# BouncedInvoice

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**InvoiceId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;A unique number generated to identify an invoice. Save this id to manage an invoice. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID assigned to a merchant. | [optional] [default to null]
**InvoiceNumber** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 25 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The Invoice Number (also referred to as the purchase identifier) generated by the merchant.  | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The customer id associated with this invoice.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Status of an invoice. Possible values are &lt;br&gt;SAVED - Invoice is in draft state. An invoice in draft state can be updated. &lt;br&gt;OUTSTANDING - Invoice has been mailed to the customer. Once an invoice is sent, only the billing_contact and from_contact can be updated.&lt;br&gt;PAID - Invoice has been paid completely. Once paid, the invoice is locked and cannot be modified. &lt;br&gt;CANCELED - Invoice has been canceled. Once canceled, the invoice is locked and cannot be modified. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;16 | [optional] [default to null]
**SendCode** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 1 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The email client response code. Possible values are &lt;br&gt;O - Email not send. The email address may be invalid.  &lt;br&gt;A - Email not sent. The email address has been disabled. &lt;br&gt;B - Email bounced. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Maximum Length: &lt;/strong&gt;1 | [optional] [default to null]
**DbTimestamp** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The time when the invoice was sent. | [optional] [default to null]
**Recipient** | **[]string** | An array of the invoice recipient&#x27;s email addresses. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

