# CheckoutSubscription

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SubscriptionId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;the generated ID that identifies a subscription. Save this id to manage the subscription.  | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID assigned to a merchant. | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Customer id of the subscriber. | [optional] [default to null]
**CardId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The payment method that will be used for the recurring charge. If empty, the recurring charges will be made using the customer&#x27;s primary payment method.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 1 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt; Status of the subscription. Following are possible statuses:               &lt;ul&gt;              &lt;li&gt;A - Active&lt;/li&gt;              &lt;li&gt;D - Complete&lt;/li&gt;              &lt;li&gt;P - Paused&lt;/li&gt;              &lt;li&gt;C - Cancelled&lt;/li&gt;              &lt;li&gt;S - Suspended&lt;/li&gt;              &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**ProfileId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 20 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The profile ID to be used in payment gateway requests. | [optional] [default to null]
**SubscriptionOnPlan** | **bool** | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;True for on-plan subscriptions, false for off-plan subscriptions. | [optional] [default to null]
**PlanId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The plan id of the recurring plan associated with this subscription. 0 if this is an off-plan subscription.  | [optional] [default to null]
**PlanName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 64 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;A name assigned by merchant to the plan. | [optional] [default to null]
**PlanCode** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;A code assigned by merchant to the plan. | [optional] [default to null]
**PlanDesc** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;A short description of the plan.  | [optional] [default to null]
**PlanFrequency** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 1 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;This field identifies the frequency of billing. Use one of the following codes for frequency. &lt;ul&gt;      &lt;li&gt;0 - Weekly&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;1 - Bi-Weekly&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;3 - Monthly&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;4 - Quarterly&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;5 - Bi-Annually&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;6 - Annually&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;7 - Daily&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**PlanDuration** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 4 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt; Number of billing cycles in the recurring transaction, -1 indicates bill until cancelled. | [optional] [default to null]
**Interval** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt; Applicable only for monthly frequency. Number of months in a subscription cycle. | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerFirstName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;First name of the subscriber. | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerLastName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Last name of the subscriber. | [optional] [default to null]
**DateStart** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN, YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Start date of subscription.  | [optional] [default to null]
**DateNext** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN, YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Next billing date of subscription. This field will be empty for cancelled and completed subscriptions. | [optional] [default to null]
**DateEnd** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN, YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Date the subscription will end.  | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtSetup** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;One-time fee amount. This fee will be charged when a subscription is added. | [optional] [default to null]
**ProrateDateStart** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN, YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The date the customer will be billed the prorate amount. (for pro-rated subscriptions).  | [optional] [default to null]
**ProrateAmt** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The prorate amount  (for pro-rated subscriptions). | [optional] [default to null]
**TrialDateStart** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN, YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The start date of the trial period.  Applicable only for subscriptions that include a trail period. | [optional] [default to null]
**TrialDateEnd** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN, YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The end date of the trial period.  Applicable only for subscriptions that include a trail period. | [optional] [default to null]
**TrialAmt** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The amount billed during the trial period.  Applicable only for subscriptions that include a trail period. | [optional] [default to null]
**RecurDateStart** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN, YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Date regular billing cycle will start. | [optional] [default to null]
**RecurDateEnd** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN, YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Date regular billing cycle will end.  | [optional] [default to null]
**RecurAmt** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Regular billing amount. | [optional] [default to null]
**Customer** | [***CustomerVault**](CustomerVault.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**TranCurrency** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Numeric Currency Code. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#country-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Country Codes&lt;/a&gt; for possible values.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;840 | [optional] [default to null]
**OptionInfo** | [***CheckoutOptionFields**](CheckoutOptionFields.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Recurring** | **bool** | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;True for recurring checkout, false for non recurring checkout. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

