# DisputeData

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**RecId** | **int64** | Unique ID assigned to dispute. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **int64** | Unique ID assigned to a merchant. | [optional] [default to null]
**IncomingDate** | **string** | The date the dispute was issued. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtTran** | **float64** | The amount of the original settled transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtDispute** | **float64** | The amount of the dispute; equal to or less than the amt_tran (when in USD). | [optional] [default to null]
**ReasonCode** | **string** | The card association&#x27;s reason why the dispute was issued. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReasonDesc** | **string** | The card association&#x27;s reason code desc why the dispute was issued. | [optional] [default to null]
**DataType** | **string** | The type of dispute. For all types, please refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#dispute-type\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Dispute Type&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**CbrWorkflow** | **string** | The type of dispute workflow. For all types, please refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#dispute-workflow\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Dispute Workflow&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** | Current Dispute Status. | [optional] [default to null]
**DateStatusChange** | **string** | The date the dispute&#x27;s status most recently changed. | [optional] [default to null]
**CardNumber** | **string** | The truncated card number of the dispute. | [optional] [default to null]
**TranDate** | **string** | The date of the initial transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReferenceNumber** | **string** | The bank reference number of the deposit. | [optional] [default to null]
**CbRefNum** | **string** | Issuer provided reference number for this transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**VendorId** | **int64** | Unique Vendor ID assigned to integrator. | [optional] [default to null]
**PurchaseId** | **string** | Purchase Identifier (also referred to as the invoice number generated by the merchant). | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

