# GatewayResponse

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**PgId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;a generated payment gateway ID for the transaction | [optional] [default to null]
**Rcode** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Gateway Response Code. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#payment-gateway-response-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Payment Gateway Response Codes&lt;/a&gt; for possible values. | [optional] [default to null]
**Rmsg** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;A short description of the response code. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#gateway-response-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Payment Gateway Response Codes&lt;/a&gt; for response code descriptions. | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Status of the gateway transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthCode** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 6 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Authorization code from issuer. | [optional] [default to null]
**CardId** | **string** | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The card_id generated by the system if customer chooses to save card. Applicable only for Checkout transactions with a customer id. | [optional] [default to null]
**CardNumber** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Masked card number used in transaction.  | [optional] [default to null]
**TranTime** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, in YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:ss format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Transaction time. All times are pacific.  | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtTran** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Transaction amount. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtTranFee** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Surcharge fee amount if the transaction includes a surcharge. | [optional] [default to null]
**PurchaseId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 25 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Purchase ID of the transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**Cvv2Result** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 1 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;If CVV is sent, then the result from the card issuer will be returned in this field. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#cvv2-result-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Payment Result Codes for CVV2&lt;/a&gt; for valid CVV2 result codes. | [optional] [default to null]
**AvsResult** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 1 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;If the billing_zip (and optionally the billing_street_addr1) is sent, then the result from the card issuer will be returned in this field. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#avs-result-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Payment Result Codes for AVS&lt;/a&gt; for | [optional] [default to null]
**Duration** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Duration of Gateway request in ms. | [optional] [default to null]
**HttpStatus** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;HTTP status of the payment gateway request. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID assigned to a merchant. | [optional] [default to null]
**ProfileId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 20 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The unique profile ID used in the payment gateway requests. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchRefNum** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 128 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;This field contains a merchant provided reference value that will be stored with the transaction data and will be included with the transaction data reported in the Merchant Manager. This value will also be attached to any lifecycle transactions (e.g. retrieval requests and chargebacks) that may occur. | [optional] [default to null]
**TranCurrency** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Numeric currency code of the transaction. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#country-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Country Codes&lt;/a&gt; for a list of currency codes. | [optional] [default to null]
**DbaName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 25 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;DBA name associated with the profile. | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID established by merchant to identify a customer. Customer ID is included in the response if it is sent in the request.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Customer** | [***CheckoutCustomer**](CheckoutCustomer.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**OptionInfo** | [***CheckoutOptionFields**](CheckoutOptionFields.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Recurring** | **bool** | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;True for recurring checkout, false for non recurring checkout. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

