# Invoice

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**InvoiceId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;A unique number generated to identify an invoice. Save this id to manage an invoice. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID assigned to a merchant. | [optional] [default to null]
**CustomerId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The customer id associated with this invoice.  | [optional] [default to null]
**FromContact** | [***Contact**](Contact.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingContact** | [***Contact**](Contact.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**InvoiceNumber** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 25 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The Invoice Number (also referred to as the purchase identifier) generated by the merchant.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Status** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Status of an invoice. Possible values are &lt;br&gt;SAVED - Invoice is in draft state. An invoice in draft state can be updated. &lt;br&gt;OUTSTANDING - Invoice has been mailed to the customer. Once an invoice is sent, only the billing_contact and from_contact can be updated.&lt;br&gt;PAID - Invoice has been paid completely. Once paid, the invoice is locked and cannot be modified. &lt;br&gt;CANCELED - Invoice has been canceled. Once canceled, the invoice is locked and cannot be modified.  | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtTran** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The total invoice amount. Typically this will be a sum of the line item total and the tax amount.  | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtTax** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Tax amount. This amount is automatically calculated if the tax_rate is provided. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtSubTotal** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Sum of all line item total amounts. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtPaid** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The amount paid by the customer. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtBalance** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The amount due from the customer. This amount is typically the amt_tran minus amt_paid. | [optional] [default to null]
**ProfileId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 20 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The unique payment gateway profile ID to be used when making an invoice payment.  | [optional] [default to null]
**TranCurrency** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Numeric Currency Code. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#country-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Country Codes&lt;/a&gt; for a list of currency codes.  | [optional] [default to null]
**FooterNote** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 750 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The invoice footer note. This data will be displayed on the footer of the invoice.  | [optional] [default to null]
**PaymentTermsNote** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 500 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The invoice payment terms description. | [optional] [default to null]
**CheckoutSettings** | [***CheckoutSettings**](CheckoutSettings.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**InvoiceLink** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 128 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;A unique link generated once the invoice is complete and sent out to a customer. Customers can also use this link to view and pay for the invoice.  | [optional] [default to null]
**SalesTax** | [***SalesTax**](SalesTax.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**PaymentTerms** | [***PaymentTerm**](PaymentTerm.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**DateInvoice** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 10 AN, in YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The invoice date.  | [optional] [default to null]
**LineItems** | [**[]LineItem**](LineItem.md) | The invoice line item details.  | [optional] [default to null]
**DatePayment** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 10 AN, in YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The invoice payment date. If multiple payments are made for this invoice, this field will have the latest payment date. | [optional] [default to null]
**DateDue** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 10 AN, in YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The invoice due date. This date will be automatically calculated based on the payment_terms.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;Invoice Date | [optional] [default to null]
**DateLastView** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 10 AN, in YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The date the invoice was last viewed by the customer.  | [optional] [default to null]
**DateSent** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 10 AN, in YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The date invoice was first sent to the customer. This is the date the invoice status is set to OUTSTANDING.  | [optional] [default to null]
**DateNotice** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 10 AN, in YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The date a reminder or overdue notice will be sent. A reminder notice is sent before the due date, overdue notices are sent after the due date. The reminder and overdue intervals can be configured in the Invoice settings page in Merchant Manager.  | [optional] [default to null]
**DbTimestamp** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length  AN, in yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ss.SSS-ZZZZ format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The invoice creation timestamp.  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

