# PgApiTokenizeRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**MerchantId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique identifier on our system. | [default to null]
**AvsAddress** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 20 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Street address of the cardholder. If present, it will be included in the authorization request sent to the issuing bank. | [optional] [default to null]
**AvsZip** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 9 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Zip code of the cardholder. If present, it will be included in the authorization request sent to the issuing bank.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;This field is required if avs_address is present. | [optional] [default to null]
**CardId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Card ID received from a tokenization request. The card_id may be used in place of a card number in requests requiring cardholder account data.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#card-source-conditional-requirements\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Card or Bank Account Data Sources and Conditional Requirements&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**CardNumber** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 19 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Cardholder&#x27;s card number.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#card-source-conditional-requirements\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Card or Bank Account Data Sources and Conditional Requirements&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**CardSwipe** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 79&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Contains either track 1 or track 2 magnetic stripe data. If the magnetic stripe reader provides both track 1 and track 2 data in a single read, it is the responsibility of the implementer to send data for only one of the two tracks.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#card-source-conditional-requirements\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Card or Bank Account Data Sources and Conditional Requirements&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**CardholderName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 64 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;When provided in a tokenize request, the cardholder name will be stored in the Card Vault along with the cardholder card number and expiration date. | [optional] [default to null]
**ClientIp** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Client IP address. | [optional] [default to null]
**Cvv2** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 4 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;CVV2 or CID value from the signature panel on the back of the cardholder&#x27;s card. If present during a request that requires authorization, the value will be sent to the issuer for validation. | [optional] [default to null]
**DeveloperId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Use to indicate which company developed the integration or the name of the payment solution that is connected to us. Suggested usage is softwareABCv1.0 or companyXYZv2.0.  | [optional] [default to null]
**EchoFields** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;This field contains a JSON array of field data that will be echoed back in the response message. | [optional] [default to null]
**ExpDate** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 4 N(MMYY format)&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Expiration date of cardholder card number. When card_id or customer_id is present in the request this field may also be present; if it is not, then the expiration date from the Card Vault will be used.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#card-source-conditional-requirements\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Card or Bank Account Data Sources and Conditional Requirements&lt;/a&gt; | [default to null]
**LocId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 4 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;When a merchant has more than one location using the same currency, this value is used to specify the specific location for this request. | [optional] [default to null]
**PayloadGooglePay** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Google Pay payload | [optional] [default to null]
**PayloadApplePay** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Apple Pay payload | [optional] [default to null]
**ProfileId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 20 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Explicitly identifies which Payment Gateway profile should be used for the request. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReportData** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;This field contains a JSON array of field data that will be included with the transaction data reported in Merchant Manager. | [optional] [default to null]
**SessionId** | **string** | INTERNAL USE ONLY. | [optional] [default to null]
**SingleUse** | **bool** | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;false&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;In a tokenize request, setting the single_use field to \&quot;true\&quot; will cause a single-use token to be generated. This token will expire in 10 minutes or when first used. | [optional] [default to null]
**UserId** | **int64** | INTERNAL USE ONLY. | [optional] [default to null]
**DdaNumber** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 17 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Owner&#x27;s account number at the bank. Applicable for ACH payments.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#card-source-conditional-requirements\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Card or Bank Account Data Sources and Conditional Requirements&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**EmailAddress** | **[]string** |  AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;An array of account holder email addresses. | [optional] [default to null]
**TrNumber** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 9 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Bank transit/routing number. Applicable for ACH payments.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#card-source-conditional-requirements\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Card or Bank Account Data Sources and Conditional Requirements&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**TypeId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 1 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;C&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Bank Account Type. Applicable for ACH payments. Possible values are: &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;C &#x3D; Personal checking account&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;S &#x3D; Personal savings account&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;K &#x3D; Business checking account&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;V &#x3D; Business savings account&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**VendorId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Identifies the vendor to which this tokenize request applies. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

