# SettledTransactionRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**RecId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 18 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID assigned to this deposit. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID assigned to a Merchant. | [optional] [default to null]
**BatchDate** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN, in YYYY-MM-DD&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The date the batch was settled to us. | [optional] [default to null]
**DbaName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 25 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The doing business as name of the merchant. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchCityPh** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 13 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Sent to the card issuer; either the merchant&#x27;s city, or phone number. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchState** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Sent to the card issuer; the merchant&#x27;s state. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchZip** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Sent to the card issuer; the merchant&#x27;s ZIP code. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchCountry** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Sent to the card issuer; the merchant&#x27;s country code. | [optional] [default to null]
**BatchNumber** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 3 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;A non-unique ID assigned by the merchant&#x27;s terminal, POS device, or gateway for this batch, in the range of 1 - 999. | [optional] [default to null]
**BatchId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID assigned to this batch. | [optional] [default to null]
**CardNumber** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The truncated card number of the transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**CardType** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 2 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The card brand of this transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthDate** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN, in YYYY-MM-DD&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The date the transaction was authorized by the merchant. | [optional] [default to null]
**TranDate** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN, in YYYY-MM-DD&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The date the transaction was captured by the merchant. | [optional] [default to null]
**SettleDate** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN, in YYYY-MM-DD&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The date we settled the transaction with the issuer. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtAuth** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The amount of the original authorization. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtTran** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The amount of the settled transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**TranCurrency** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The ISO 4217 numeric currency code of the dispute. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReferenceNumber** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 23 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The bank reference number of the deposit. | [optional] [default to null]
**PurchaseId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 25 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;A merchant supplied tracking number, generally an invoice or purchase number. This number may be visible to the cardholder, depending on card issuer. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthCode** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 6 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The authorization code provided by the card issuer when the card was approved. | [optional] [default to null]
**MotoEcommInd** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 1 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The transaction ECI (e-commerce indicator), an indicatior of how the card was processed. | [optional] [default to null]
**PosEntryMode** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Indicates the way a card number was entered. For all codes, please see &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#pos_entry_mode\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;POS Entry Modes&lt;/a&gt;. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtFunded** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The amount of this transaction funded to the merchant (in the funded currency). | [optional] [default to null]
**FundedCurrency** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The ISO 4217 numeric currency code of the transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**PgId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;32-byte unique identifier generated by the payment gateway, returned in all valid responses. Applicable only to Payment Gateway transactions. It provides a reference to the transaction and is required for some post-auth operations (e.g. capture, refund, or void). | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchRefNum** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 128 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Merchant provided reference value that will be stored with the transaction data and included with transaction data in reports within Merchant Manager. This value will also be attached to any lifecycle transactions (e.g. retrieval requests and chargebacks) that may occur. | [optional] [default to null]
**AcqReferenceNumber** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 11 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Acquirer reference number is an 11-digit number generated by the product initiating the transaction. It is a unique number that both the acquirer and the issuer can use to identify a transaction. For chargeback adjustments, the acquirer reference number is used as the deposit reference number. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthRrn** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The Authorization Retrieval Reference Number (RRN) is a unique identifier assigned by an acquirer to an authorization. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthTranId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 15 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The Authorization transaction identifier is a unique identifier returned by the issuing bank for an electronically authorized transaction. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

