# StatementDisputeData

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**RecIdLinked** | **int64** | For INTERNAL USE ONLY. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID assigned to a merchant. | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingMonth** | **string** | Billing month of the statement in YYYY-MM-DD. | [optional] [default to null]
**BatchDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date the ACH debit or credit adjustment was made to the depository account in YYYY-MM-DD format. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReferenceNumber** | **int64** | An 11-digit number generated by the product initiating the transaction. The number is available when the transaction is settled and is a unique number that both the acquirer and the issuer can use to identify a transaction. The reference is used as the deposit reference number. | [optional] [default to null]
**PlanType** | **string** | SDefines the payment instrument type of Visa, MasterCard, American Express, or Discover. | [optional] [default to null]
**TypeId** | **string** | The type of dispute. | [optional] [default to null]
**Billable** | **string** | Defines by a Yes or No whether the dispute triggered a billable event. All billable dispute events will appear as a total line item in the Fees section in YYYY-MM-DD format. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtPurch** | **float64** | The dollar value of the adjustment that is a debit to the depository account. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtReturn** | **float64** | The dollar value of the adjustment that is a credit to the depository account. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

