# StatementSettlementData

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**RecIdLinked** | **int64** | For INTERNAL USE ONLY. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID assigned to a merchant. | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingMonth** | **string** | Billing month of the statement in YYYY-MM-DD. | [optional] [default to null]
**BatchDate** | [**time.Time**](time.Time.md) | The date displayed is when a batch settled. Different to the batch date, the settled date displays when the batch was processed by the card brands in YYYY-MM-DD. | [optional] [default to null]
**ReferenceNumber** | **int64** | An 11-digit number generated by the product initiating the transaction. The number is available when the transaction is settled and is a unique number that both the acquirer and the issuer can use to identify a transaction. The reference is used as the deposit reference number. | [optional] [default to null]
**CntPurch** | **float64** | The total funded count of transactions in a settled batch. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtPurch** | **float64** | The total funded value of each transaction in a settled batch. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtReturn** | **float64** | The total amount of refund or credit transactions in a batch. | [optional] [default to null]
**DiscountPaid** | **float64** | The amount deducted from a settled batch prior to merchant funding. These fees apply to accounts set up for net settlement and are the discount percentage applied to each payment transaction and will vary based on the type of payment and the type of the transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtNet** | **float64** | The net amount funded to a deposit account. | [optional] [default to null]
**SourceId** | **int64** | For INTERNAL USE ONLY. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

