# TransactionRequestData

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**RecId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 18 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Unique ID assigned to this request. | [optional] [default to null]
**QpId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 10 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;An internal number generated to identify a transaction. Requests belonging to the same transaction will have the same qp_id.  | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Identifies the merchant to which this transaction belongs. | [optional] [default to null]
**TranTime** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length,  in YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:ss format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Transaction time. All times are Pacific time.  | [optional] [default to null]
**TranDate** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 10 AN, YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The date the transaction was captured by the merchant. | [optional] [default to null]
**RequestType** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The request type of the transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**TranStatus** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 1 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Transaction status.&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;A - Transaction is approved&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;H - Transaction Held&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;C - Transaction is captured&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;V - Transaction is voided by Merchant&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;v - Transaction is voided by System&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;K - Transaction is cancelled&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;D - Transaction is declined by issuer&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;F - Transaction failures other than Issuer Declines&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;S - Transaction Settled&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;P - Deposit Sent&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;N - Transaction Settled, and will be funded directly by issuer&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;R - Transaction Rejected&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**DisputeFlag** | **bool** | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Will be set to true if the transaction is disputed. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtRefunded** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Amount refunded if there are any refunds. | [optional] [default to null]
**PgId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The generated payment gateway ID for the transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**PgIdLinked** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;If this is a refund request, this field will provided the payment gateway ID of the original transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtTran** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Transaction amount. | [optional] [default to null]
**TranCurrency** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Numeric currency code of the transaction. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#country-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Country Codes&lt;/a&gt; for a list of currency codes.  | [optional] [default to null]
**PurchaseId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 25 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Purchase ID of the transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**CardholderFirstName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;First name of card holder. | [optional] [default to null]
**CardholderLastName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Last name of card holder. | [optional] [default to null]
**CardNumber** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Masked card number.  | [optional] [default to null]
**CardType** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 2 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Card type of the billing card used for the transaction. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#card-types\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Card Types&lt;/a&gt; for possible values.  | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthCode** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 6 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Authorization code from issuer. | [optional] [default to null]
**AcqReferenceNumber** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 11 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Acquirer reference number is an 11-digit number generated by the product initiating the transaction. It is a unique number that both the acquirer and the issuer can use to identify a transaction. For chargeback adjustments, the acquirer reference number is used as the deposit reference number. | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchRefNum** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 128 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Merchant provided reference number for this transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtConvenienceFee** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 8,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Amount of convenience fee. A convenience fee is a fee charged to your customer for the \&quot;convenience\&quot; of being able to pay using an alternative payment channel outside your merchant&#x27;s customary payment channel.  | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtTranFee** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 8,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Amount of transaction surcharge fee. A surcharge is a fee added to the cost of a purchase for the \&quot;privilege\&quot; of using a credit card instead of another form of payment,  | [optional] [default to null]
**DbaName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 25 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;DBA name used in the transaction. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtFunded** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The amount funded to the merchant (in funded currency). | [optional] [default to null]
**FundedCurrency** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Numeric currency code of the funded amount. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#country-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Country Codes&lt;/a&gt; for possible values.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Rcode** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Gateway response code. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#payment-gateway-response-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Payment Gateway Response Codes&lt;/a&gt; for possible values. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthAvsResult** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 1 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;AVS result from card issuer (if avs_zip and optionally avs_address were provided in the request). Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#avs-result-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Payment Result Codes for AVS&lt;/a&gt; for possible values. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthCvv2Result** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 1 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;CVV2 result from card issuer (if CVV2 data was sent in the request). Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#cvv2-result-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Payment Result Codes for CVV2&lt;/a&gt; for possible values. | [optional] [default to null]
**AuthTranId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 15 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The Authorization transaction identifier is a unique identifier returned by the issuing bank for an electronically authorized transaction. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

