# UpdateDraftRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CustomerId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The customer_id associated with this invoice. Customer should be a valid customer in the system.   | [default to null]
**FromContact** | [***Contact**](Contact.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingContact** | [***Contact**](Contact.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**InvoiceNumber** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 25 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The Invoice Number (also referred to as the purchase identifier) generated by the merchant.  | [default to null]
**ProfileId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 20 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The unique payment gateway profile ID to be used when making an invoice payment. This field is optional, only the tran_currency field can be sent and the system will choose the appropriate profile. If both profile_id and tran_currency is sent, the system will use the profile_id.  | [optional] [default to null]
**TranCurrency** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Numeric Currency Code. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#country-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Country Codes&lt;/a&gt; for a list of currency codes. If both profile_id and tran_currency fields are provided, profile_id is used. tran_currency will be updated to match the profile_id&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;840 | [optional] [default to null]
**FooterNote** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 750 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The invoice footer note. This data will be displayed on the footer of the invoice.  | [optional] [default to null]
**PaymentTermsNote** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 500 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The invoice payment terms description.  | [optional] [default to null]
**CheckoutSettings** | [***CheckoutSettings**](CheckoutSettings.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**SalesTax** | [***SalesTax**](SalesTax.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**PaymentTerms** | [***PaymentTerm**](PaymentTerm.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**DateInvoice** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 10 AN, in YYYY-MM-DD format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;The invoice date. | [optional] [default to null]
**LineItems** | [**[]LineItem**](LineItem.md) | The invoice line item details.  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

