# UpdateBillingCardRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ExpDate** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 4 N, MMYY format&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Expiration date of cardholder card number.  Use this field if you would like to update the expiration date of the card. | [optional] [default to null]
**Cvv2** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 4 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;CVV2 or CID value from the signature panel on the back of the cardholder&#x27;s card. If present during a request where the verify flag is set to true, the value will be sent to the issuer for validation. This field will not be stored in vault.  | [optional] [default to null]
**CardId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Card ID that should be updated. | [default to null]
**BillingFirstName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Billing first name. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Billing first name is required when updating an ACH account number. | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingLastName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 32 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Billing last name. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Billing last name is required when updating an ACH account number. | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingFirmName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 64 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Business name on billing card, if applicable.  | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingEmail** | **[]string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 128 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Array of billing email address. | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingAddr1** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 128 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Billing street address. This address will also be used for AVS verification if AVS verification is enabled.  | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingAddr2** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 128 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Billing Address line item 2. | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingCity** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 64 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Billing city. | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingState** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Billing state. | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingZip** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 10 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Billing zip. The zipcode will also be used for AVS verification if AVS verification is enabled. | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingZip4** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 4 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Billing zip+4 code if applicable. | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingCountry** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 128 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Billing country. | [optional] [default to null]
**BillingCountryCode** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;ISO numeric country code for the billing address. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#country-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Country Codes&lt;/a&gt; for a list of country codes. | [optional] [default to null]
**Verify** | **bool** | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Set this field to true if a card_number or card_id should be verified by the issuer before adding to Customer Vault. When this field is set to true, the billing card will be updated either if the card verification is successful or if card verification is not supported by the issuer.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;false | [optional] [default to null]
**Primary** | **bool** | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Set this field to true if this should be the default card.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;false | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Identifies the merchant to whom this request applies. Optional field, applicable only if the request is sent on behalf of another merchant.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Required if this request is on behalf of another merchant. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

