# UpdateRecurringPlanRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**PlanName** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 64 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;A unique name assigned to the plan.  | [optional] [default to null]
**PlanDesc** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;A short description of the plan. | [optional] [default to null]
**PlanFrequency** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length 1 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt; The billing frequency. Use one of the following codes for frequency. &lt;ul&gt;      &lt;li&gt;0 - Weekly&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;1 - Bi-Weekly&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;3 - Monthly&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;4 - Quarterly&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;5 - Bi-annually&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;6 - Annually&lt;/li&gt;      &lt;li&gt;7 - Daily&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**Interval** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Number of months or weeks in a subscription cycle. For example if plan_frequency is 3 (Monthly) and interval is 2, a customer using this plan will be billed every 2 months till the subscription is complete or cancelled. Applicable only for monthly or weekly plan_frequency. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;1 | [optional] [default to null]
**PlanDuration** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 4 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt; Number of billing cycles in the recurring transaction, -1 indicates bill until cancelled. For example if plan_frequency is 3 (Monthly) and plan_duration is 6, the customer will be billed every month for 6 months. | [optional] [default to null]
**TrialDuration** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Number of billing cycles in a trial period. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtTrial** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Amount to be billed during the trial period. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtSetup** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;One-time fee amount. When adding a subscription with this plan, a payment gateway sale transaction will be initiated to charge the customer the one time fee. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtTran** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Plan transaction amount. Amount that will be billed each cycle.  | [optional] [default to null]
**TranCurrency** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 3 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Numeric Currency Code. If profile_id is provided, the currency is determined from profile. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/developer/api/reference#country-codes\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Country Codes&lt;/a&gt; for a list of currency codes.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;840 | [optional] [default to null]
**ProfileId** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 20 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Payment gateway profile id that will be used for subscriptions that use this plan. tran_currency will be used if profile_id is not provided. If both tran_currency and profile_id are not provided, default USD profile is used.  | [optional] [default to null]
**BillSpecificDay** | **bool** | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;If set to true, the customer will be billed on a specific start date.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Default: &lt;/strong&gt;false | [optional] [default to null]
**DayOfWeek** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 1 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;This field represents the day of the week on which the system will be billed for weekly or biweekly plans.&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;1 - Sunday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2 - Monday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3 - Tuesday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;4 - Wednesday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;5 - Thursday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;6 - Friday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;7 - Saturday&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Applicable only when billing is on specific day, i.e., bill_specific_day flag is set to true. | [optional] [default to null]
**DayOfMonth** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Day of the month on which the system will be billed for month or year based plans. Use 1-31 to represent the day of month when the customerwill be billed or 32 if billing should be on the last day of month. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Applicable only when billing is on specific day, i.e., bill_specific_day flag is set to true. | [optional] [default to null]
**Month** | **int32** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Month on which the system will be billed for month or year based plans. &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;1 - January&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;2 - February&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;3 - March&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;4 - April&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;5 - May&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;6 - June&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;7 - July&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;8 - August&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;9 - September&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;10 - October&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;11 - November&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;12 - December&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Applicable only when billing is on specific day , i.e., bill_specific_day flag is set to true. | [optional] [default to null]
**ProrateFirstPmt** | **bool** | &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Set this flag to true if the first payment should be prorated. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Applicable only when billing is on specific day , i.e., bill_specific_day flag is set to true. | [optional] [default to null]
**AmtProrate** | **float64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 12,2 N&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed prorate amount for first payment. If set to zero or undefined, the system will calculate the prorate amount based on the number of days remaining in the first cycle. &lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;This field is applicable only if prorate_first_pmt is set to true.  | [optional] [default to null]
**DbaSuffix** | **string** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Fixed length, 9 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;For use by merchants using negative option marketing.  This field will be used in the first transaction at the conclusion of the free or reduced trial. This suffix will be appended to the end of your DBA and the result will appear on the cardholder statement. (If your DBA and suffix contain more that 25 characters, your DBA will be truncated.) Possible values are: &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;END DSCNT&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;END OFFER&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;END PROMO&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;END TRIAL&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] [default to null]
**MerchantId** | **int64** | &lt;strong&gt;Format: &lt;/strong&gt;Variable length, up to 16 AN&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Description: &lt;/strong&gt;Identifies the merchant to whom this request applies. Optional field, applicable only if the request is sent on behalf of another merchant.&lt;br&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Conditional Requirement: &lt;/strong&gt;Required if this request is on behalf of another merchant. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

